README.md, before:



# Bia Bhaile


Bia Bhaile is a website for anyone with an interest in having a littel fun in the kitchen. It's a relaxed take on a traditional cooking website.

This website was designed to be viewed on multiple devices and can adapt with the users preferece. 

## Design

### Colour Scheme 

Bia Bhaile's signature colour is a strong yellow (#fad02c) tied with white, black & light greys.

### Typography

I have chosen the elegant Raleway as the core font-family for Bia Bhaile as it simplistic & clear for better user experience. I have also included Sans-Serif incase there are any browser difficulties. 

### Imagery

Giving the nature of Bia Bhaile, I wanted to have vibrant & apatizing imagery throughout the site. Based on user experience I did not want to over crowd with picutres so that the main focus is drawn to the recipes. All imagery used is my own.

## Features

Responsive design
Interactive elements

## Technologies

HTML5
CSS3

## Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used

[Bootstrap 5](https://getbootstrap.com/)
Used to help configure some elements throughout the website.

[Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
Used to apply a custom font to the website.

[Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
Used to apply icons in footer & for download links

[Canva](https://www.canva.com/)
Used to create logo

## Credits

[Recipe for vegan mousse](https://www.jamieoliver.com/recipes/chocolate-recipes/dairy-free-chocolate-mousse/)

### Troubleshooting

I had an issue with hover dropdown menu which & found [this](https://bootstrap-menu.com/detail-basic-hover.html) site helpfully to figure out the issues I was having.

I had an issue with toggle nav not showing on smaller screens & found some good advise from [this](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36544961/bootstrap-navbar-toggle-not-showing-in-mobile) forum

I worked with Bootstrap V5 for this project, I adapted & studied the documents available via [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/getting-started/introduction/) & applied what I had learned throughout the course. 


## Bugs

Recipe page - layout is flawed, issues with placement of containers

Commit message:

hover buttons/icons bug fixed

README.md, after:



# Bia Bhaile


Bia Bhaile is a website for anyone with an interest in having a littel fun in the kitchen. It's a relaxed take on a traditional cooking website.

This website was designed to be viewed on multiple devices and can adapt with the users preferece. 

## Design

### Colour Scheme 

Bia Bhaile's signature colour is a strong yellow (#fad02c) tied with white, black & light greys.

### Typography

I have chosen the elegant Raleway as the core font-family for Bia Bhaile as it simplistic & clear for better user experience. I have also included Sans-Serif incase there are any browser difficulties. 

### Imagery

Giving the nature of Bia Bhaile, I wanted to have vibrant & apatizing imagery throughout the site. Based on user experience I did not want to over crowd with picutres so that the main focus is drawn to the recipes. All imagery used is my own.

## Features

Responsive design
Interactive elements

## Technologies

HTML5
CSS3

## Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used

[Bootstrap 5](https://getbootstrap.com/)
Used to help configure some elements throughout the website.

[Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
Used to apply a custom font to the website

[Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)
Used to apply icons in footer & for download links

[Canva](https://www.canva.com/)
Used to create logo

[Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/)
Used to create Wireframes

[Git](https://git-scm.com/)
Git was used for version control by utilizing the Gitpod terminal to commit to Git and Push to GitHub

[Github](https://github.com/)
Used to store the projects code after being pushed from Git

## Credits

[Recipe for vegan mousse](https://www.jamieoliver.com/recipes/chocolate-recipes/dairy-free-chocolate-mousse/)

### Troubleshooting

I had an issue with hover dropdown menu which & found [this](https://bootstrap-menu.com/detail-basic-hover.html) site helpfully to figure out the issues I was having.

I had an issue with toggle nav not showing on smaller screens & found some good advise from [this](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36544961/bootstrap-navbar-toggle-not-showing-in-mobile) forum

I worked with Bootstrap V5 for this project, I adapted & studied the documents available via [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/getting-started/introduction/) & applied what I had learned throughout the course. 


## Bugs

Recipe page - layout is flawed, issues with placement of containers

Footer - something altered my formatting for the footer, hover on the icons & buttons should be yellow with white text
